import RootLayout from "@/app/layout";

# 2023/02/04

I gave notice at Catalog yesterday. It was around 5:20p -- which remains less
than 24 hours ago. This is the first time I haven’t had a “job” -- an employer
-- since the summer of 2018 when I started working at Privy. I was employed by
Privy from August 2018 until August 2021 and then was employed by Catalog from
August 2021 through February 2023. It’s been almost a year and a half since I
began my journey with the Catalog team.

While I have a sense that continuing on the engineering track may be the most
lucrative option for me, in the near term, I’m not sure if this is the path
that’s most aligned with my heart -- with my core. I’m not sure if this is what
the universe is trying to channel through me.

I’d like to take a risk and try to create something of my own. Something that is
aligned with the accumulation of experience that has been channeled through me
in this 28-year window into the world that I have access to. The years spent as
a child growing up on an Aramco compound, in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia. The
vacations spent with family. Friday morning breakfast at Nani’s house. Nani’s
voice in the winter of 2018 in Bahrain. How the Parsis immigrated through India
and to Saudi Arabia, looking for work. How my father, a child who grew up in
Lewiston, came across my mother in New Orleans -- a Saudi student studying for
medical exams prior to her residency. The story of my brother, adopted from
Dammam, Saudi Arabia. The story of three siblings -- brother, sister, brother --
living and finding a life in the United States. A story of no clear sense of
“home”. A story of a deeply-rooted sense of “home”. A story of being uprooted
and attempting to reroot in places.

The story of a human’s experience.

February 4, 2023

Brooklyn, NY

Black Brick
